                              Fixed inconsistent definitions of resonant energy in DMProcessAnnihilation and AnnihilationStepLimiter
                              Simplified methods in AnnihilationStepLimiter class
                              Fixed instances where kinetic energy was used instead of total energy in DMProcessAnnihilation
                              Declare some variables long double to solve precision issues in annihilation classes
                              Add variable EKinThresh (kinematic threshold) and use it instead of big margin value 2*MA
                              Add option to build and use library on MacOS : flat_namespace
                              
03.01.2023   Version 2.5      Urgent update connected with the usage of the latest Geant4 version 11.02, where reading user's ordtable is absent
                              README is updated according to migration of lxplus to el9 and the above change

06.12.2023   Version 2.4      Implemented Z' annihilation resonant production for the models Lmu-Ltau, B-L
                              Implement atomic effects in annihilation resonant production
                              Improvements in annihilation resonant production simulation (step limitation)
                              Add possibility of invisible ALP production
                              Change method of total cross section interpolation from the prepared table, this fixes a rare bug of negative cross section
                              near the threshold
                              Add protection against too low threshold EThresh and diagnostics of negative cross section

20.10.2023   Version 2.3      Reorganized classes of annihilation processes, the list of such processes revised, added missing pieces
                              Improved simulation of ALP production in Primakoff effect (proper angle sampling)
                              Bug fixed in the usage of Bremsstrahlung cross sections for the masses below 1 MeV for S, P, A mediators

24.10.2022   Version 2.2      Add possibility of more complicated semivisible DM models, with asymmetric decays
                              In addition to Z', a possibility to emit muophilic scalar and pseudoscalar DM particle is added, for the moment only fully invisible
                              Extend some K-factor tables to 3 GeV
                              Add spin 2 DM model, coupling to electrons and positrons, brem. and annihilation production channels, for the moment only
                              fully invisible.

06.07.2022   Version 2.1      Consistent usage of Geant4 system of units in the DMG4 part, in particular in DarkMatterPhysicsConfigure
                              Fix bug in the calculation of MeanFreePath, which increases the yield of DM by 10%
                              Fix units in subpackage DarkMatter, remove its dependency on Geant4 (but it still depends on CLHEP taken through Geant4)
                              Add example11 which builds a Geant4 application with DMG4
                              Add possibility of semivisible DM production (inelastic DM with the new DM particles Chi2 and Chi1)
                              Clean some warnings and code style

02.06.2022   Version 2.0      Reorganization of the DMG4 code. The number of DM particle singletons is reduced, the corresponding codes put in a subdirectory.
                              The class DarkMatterParametersFactory is added in order to specify different decay options in the same particle constructor.
                              This way a possibility of a B-L vector particle is added (can decay to SM particles, for example e+e-, mu+mu-).
                              Particle name and PDG ID now depend on stability and on BranchingType. Particle subtype name is only one per constructor.
                              Further optimisation of the sampling limits for DarkZ
                              A few bugs fixed in the cross section tables, the smooth transition between the mass regions below and above the mass of 1 MeV
                              is ensured.
                              K-factors extended above the mass of 1 GeV up to 3 GeV for some particles.
                              A minor bug is fixed in the processes (small energy non-conservation due to inconsistent usage of total and kinetic energies)

18.03.2022   Version 1.2      Analytical expression for ds/dx in WW approximation is implemented for DarkZ (muon beam).
                              Maximal Psi is made x-dependent in the sampling of DarkZ events. The number of events truncated by this cut is now
                              <10-3 (<10-4 for the masses above 1 MeV).
                              Other improvements in DarkZ.
                              For DarkZ (all DM masses) and for electron Brem (DM masses below 1 MeV) processes the parameter Threshold is now treated
                              not only as a minimal parent particle energy, but also as a minimal emitted DM energy. This significantly improves
                              the efficiency of simulation sample production. 
                              Small bugs fixed in K-factor tables. K-factors tables below 1 Mev extended for other DM types. This is the last version
                              before the major reorganization of the code.

06.09.2021   Version 1.1      Moved to using the analytical formula for the "flux" in the electron beams. Cross section drops because of this, it was
                              overestimated in the previous code because of a bug. Enable simulation of Dark Photons with the mass below 1 MeV.

30.06.2021   Version 1.0      Unlike electron beams, where IWW approximation is used, we moved to WW formulas in Muon Bremsstrahlung process (Z' emission).
                              In this approximation the total cross sections are in good agreement with the ETL calculations (within 1 - 2%), so K-factors
                              are not needed. 

26.04.2021   Version Beta 3   All simulations are now made with correct Xmax. There is now maximal DM particle mass that can be simulated (1 GeV now)

31.03.2021   Version Beta 2   Fixed incorrect Xmax in differential CS (remained only for scalars, pseudoscalars and axials with mass > 20 MeV if decay is on)

22.02.2021   Version Beta 1   Initial version
